Make Consul CasRetryDelay configurable (#178)
grafana/dskit: CHANGELOG.md

## Changelog

> * [CHANGE] Added new `consul.cas-retry-delay` flag. #178

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CHANGE] Added new `consul.cas-retry-delay` flag which exposes an existing config and now sets a default value for the retry delay from previous 0s to 1s, the retry delay is a random number up to a maximum of this configured value. #178
```

## Changelog

> * [CHANGE] Added new `consul.cas-retry-delay` flag. #178
>   * It has a default of `1s`, different from the previous behavior, which is the same as `0`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [CHANGE] Added new `-consul.cas-retry-delay` flag. It has a default value of `1s`, while previously there was no delay between retries. #178
```

Author: thanks, thats much better.
